{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Who we are :
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Money. A subject that\'92s always on our mind. We go through a rollercoaster of emotions when it comes to money. That\'92s why at Jupiter, our mission is to enable people to improve their relationship with money.\cb1 \
\cb3 We are a financial services platform that leverages technology to offer our customers seamless and user-friendly products related to banking, loans, and investments. So whether it\'92s a savings account, credit cards, investment and payments, it's all on Jupiter. We also help users cut through the banking jargons, offer smart insights based on spending and provide users with a range of new age features to enable and make sense of their finances.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Our journey so far:
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Jupiter was founded in 2019 by Jitendra Gupta. Best known as Citrus Pay\'92s founder, Jiten found himself wondering why personal finance experiences were not customer-centric when everything else like food ordering and entertainment were. That\'92s how our journey began in 2019, with a simple, powerful idea : to create a modern, customer-centric experience that empowers individuals when it comes to their money.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 From our humble beginnings, we've strived relentlessly to make managing money easier. In 2021 when we launched we had a waitlist with over 100,000 people eager to experience the world of Jupiter -and within 10 months we crossed 1 million users. Today, we have 2.8 million + happy users on Jupiter. Our Insights feature today tells how much and where you\'92ve been spending automatically, even on your other savings accounts!\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Our Edge CSB Bank RuPay credit card is getting a lot of love for its head-turning transparent design, not to mention it being a rewarding experience. Our No-Penalty SIP and Daily SIP at Rs 10/- has helped scale our investments business and we have over 100,000 users investing on our platform to fulfill their money aspirations.\cb1 \
\cb3 We've embraced cutting-edge technology, harnessed the power of data analytics, and assembled a diverse team of creative thinkers and industry experts who share our vision for a more accessible, transparent, and inclusive financial ecosystem. We\'92re now looking for like-minded folks to join the crew\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 About the Role :- 
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 As an Applied Scientist, you'll develop and implement AI/ML models that enhance our core financial products and improve customer experience. Your analytical skills will help extract valuable insights from data to optimize our product offerings, drive innovation, and support strategic business decisions in the competitive financial services landscape.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Roles and responsibilities:
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Build and implement AI/ML models for data-driven insights and personalized financial recommendations\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Collaborate with senior data scientists to improve modeling techniques and drive AI innovation\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Assist in developing AI solutions aligned with business objectives and market opportunities\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Transform business problems into intelligent data science approaches that deliver measurable value\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Work with product and engineering teams to integrate intelligent models into our technology stack\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Present complex analyses and model outputs to various stakeholders\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Apply appropriate AI technologies based on business requirements and emerging trends\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 What is needed for this role:
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1+ years of experience in data science, machine learning, or artificial intelligence\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Proficiency in basic MLOps tools, TensorFlow/PyTorch\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Knowledge of fundamental machine learning techniques\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Experience with modern AI stack will be an advantage\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Experience contributing to AI/ML projects from design through implementation, to solve real-world problems with business impact\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Bachelor\'92s/Master\'92s degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or related field.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Experience in fintech or financial services is beneficial but not required\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\
\
}