{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 About Us:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 At Valiance, we empower businesses with AI-driven insights and data analytics solutions. Specializing in demand forecasting within retail Industry specific to 
\f0\b Apparel and Footwear, CPG 
\f1\b0  domains, we leverage standardized ML models to deliver accurate forecasting outcomes to our clients. We are looking for a skilled Data Scientist who can interpret and improve these models to drive real-world business results.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Role Overview:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The Data Scientist will be responsible for applying our pre-trained demand forecasting models to generate actionable insights and highly accurate forecasting outcomes. This role involves thorough data analysis, identifying trends and anomalies, interpreting results, and communicating findings effectively to a non-technical business audience. The ideal candidate is less focused on creating algorithms and more oriented towards solving business challenges and providing insights that make a tangible impact.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Key Responsibilities:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Data Analysis:
\f1\b0  Conduct in-depth data analysis to identify trends, patterns, and anomalies in demand/Timeseries forecasting for Retail Industry.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Model Utilization:
\f1\b0  Leverage existing pre-trained forecasting models, optimizing their performance by incorporating a nuanced understanding of data points and improving model outcomes based on data insights.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Interpretation & Communication:
\f1\b0  Interpret model results and explain outcomes in simple, actionable terms for business stakeholders, ensuring clarity and relevance.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Insights Generation:
\f1\b0  Develop insights that guide business decisions, aiming for highly accurate forecasting outcomes to meet business requirements.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Collaboration:
\f1\b0  Work closely with cross-functional teams, including business stakeholders and analysts, to ensure forecasting outputs align with business objectives and provide real-world value.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Continuous Improvement:
\f1\b0  Identify opportunities to improve model performance through better data usage and fine-tuning, rather than new model development.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Required Skills & Qualifications:
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Experience:
\f1\b0  
\f0\b 3-6 years of experience
\f1\b0  in data science or a related field, specifically in 
\f0\b Demand/Timeseries forecasting for Retail Industry
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Technical Proficiency:
\f1\b0  Strong skills in data analysis, data visualization, and working with pre-trained ML models. Proficiency in Python, and SQL is preferred.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Business Focus:
\f1\b0  Strong orientation towards solving business problems rather than a pure focus on machine learning algorithms.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Communication Skills:
\f1\b0  Ability to clearly communicate insights and forecast results to non-technical stakeholders in simple, understandable language.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Problem Solving:
\f1\b0  Demonstrated ability to interpret data, uncover actionable insights, and suggest practical solutions for business needs.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Detail-Oriented:
\f1\b0  Thorough attention to detail, ensuring accuracy in forecasting and relevance of insights.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Educational Background:
\f1\b0  Bachelor\'92s or Master\'92s degree in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science, or a related field.\cb1 \
}