{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Position: Permanent\cb1 \
\cb3 Role: Data Scientist\cb1 \
\cb3 Experience: 5-8 Years Location: Bangalore\cb1 \
\cb3 Shift: General Shift Work Mode: Hybrid\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Key Skills: \'96 Machine Learning, Gen AI,LLM,RAG\cb1 \
\
\cb3 About the Company\cb1 \
\cb3 Movate, formerly called CSS CORP, is a new age services company that harnesses the power of digital technologies to reimagine customer engagements. We enable businesses to anticipate and face disruptions effectively through our digital, technology and support services. We are a global customer experience and technology consulting services provider and a digital transformation partner of choice for its clients, which includes the world\'92s top innovators across industries, from mid-market players to large enterprises. We have a diverse team of over 11,500 customer-centric thinkers, collaborators, and co creators across 20 global locations. About the Role We are looking for an experienced Senior Data Scientist specializing in Large Language Models (LLM) and Transformer architecture. In this role, you will be part of a growing team focused on building Generative AI applications for document summarization, classification, and question-answering using both structured and unstructured data. The role involves research, experimentation, and implementation of state-of-the-art AI and LLM techniques to build innovative solutions that enhance customer and associate experiences. .\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Roles & Responsibilities\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Build solutions for document summarization, classification, and question-answering systems.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Design and implement AI safety mechanisms and guardrails within API layers in collaboration with research teams.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Work closely with cross-functional teams to understand data requirements and deliver AI-driven solutions.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Conduct research, experimentation, and implementation of advanced machine learning and Generative AI techniques.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Implement best practices for AI model development, deployment, and evaluation.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'95 Stay updated with the latest developments in Data Science, Machine Learning, and Generative AI.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa125\partightenfactor0

\fs12\fsmilli6250 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}