{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 About the Team
\f1\b0 \
The Data Science team at Navi plays a central role in building intelligent solutions that power our products and drive business impact. We work across key domains such as Lending, Collections, KYC, UPI Growth and Ads recommendation, applying advanced machine learning/deep learning/GenAI techniques to solve high-impact challenges. Our work involves a diverse range of data types\'97including text, image, and tabular data\'97and we closely collaborate with cross-functional teams like Product, Business, Engineering, etc. to deliver end-to-end solutions. \
\

\f0\b About the Role
\f1\b0 \
As a Data Scientist 3 at Navi, you\'92ll be an integral part of a team that\'92s building scalable and efficient solutions across lending, insurance, investments, and UPI. You won\'92t just be solving predefined problems - you\'92ll identify the problems and solve for getting high business impact. This role offers the opportunity to lead high-impact data science initiatives that directly influence strategic business decisions. It involves working at the intersection of advanced machine learning, large-scale data processing, and cross-functional collaboration, with a focus on building scalable solutions and fostering a culture of technical excellence and innovation within the team.\
\

\f0\b What We Expect From You
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Strategic Project Leadership:
\f1\b0  Drive end-to-end delivery of high-impact data science initiatives, from conception and prototyping to large-scale deployment, ensuring alignment with business goals and measurable outcomes.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Stakeholder Management & Cross-Functional Leadership:
\f1\b0  Proactively engage and influence stakeholders across Product, Engineering, Business, and Executive teams, shaping problem definitions and championing data-driven decision making.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Technical Depth & Thought Leadership
\f1\b0 : Demonstrate deep expertise across machine learning and deep learning concepts, setting technical direction and solving highly complex, ambiguous problems.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Advanced Data Solutions:
\f1\b0  Architect and deliver solutions across diverse data types\'97tabular, text, image, and speech\'97leveraging cutting-edge models and best practices to drive business value at scale.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Innovation & Research:
\f1\b0  Lead experimentation with emerging algorithms and technologies, fostering a culture of innovation and staying ahead of industry trends, especially in the fintech domain.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Robust Model Governance:
\f1\b0  Establish and uphold best practices for model validation, monitoring, performance tracking, and risk management in production environments, ensuring reliability and compliance.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Mentorship & Team Development:
\f1\b0  Mentor and guide junior team members, facilitate technical reviews, and actively contribute to a culture of knowledge sharing, continuous learning, and technical excellence within the team.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Must Haves
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Bachelor\'92s or higher degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a quantitative field, with a demonstrated research mindset and 
\f0\b 5+ years
\f1\b0  of relevant experience\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Deep understanding of modern machine learning techniques, underlying 
\f0\b mathematics
\f1\b0 , and hands-on 
\f0\b experience with key ML frameworks
\f1\b0  (such as scikit-learn, Keras, TensorFlow, PySpark, MLlib, etc.)\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Strong foundation in 
\f0\b statistics, machine learning
\f1\b0  (e.g., Random Forests, XGBoost, SVMs), and inference techniques, with expertise in hypothesis testing, simulations, and optimization methodologies.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Proven experience working with distributed computing platforms for 
\f0\b large-scale data processing and model training
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Strong programming skills, preferably in 
\f0\b Python
\f1\b0 , Scala, or similar languages\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Demonstrated ability to drive large-scale machine learning projects end to end\'97from problem formulation and 
\f0\b data preparation to deployment
\f1\b0  and monitoring\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Proven track record of delivering high 
\f0\b business impact
\f1\b0  through data science solutions in previous roles\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Experience leading projects with multiple team members and/or 
\f0\b mentoring
\f1\b0  junior colleagues is preferred\cb1 \
}